#The descriptions about all feature on my result dataset :

subject <- the subject of activity (factor level 1:6)
act <- list of activity (factor variable : WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING)
tBodyAccX/Y/Z_mean <- tBodyAccX/Y/Z mean value  
tGravityAccX/Y/Z_mean <-  tGravityAccX/Y/Z mean value 
tBodyAccJerkX/Y/Z_mean <- tBodyAccJerkX/Y/Z mean value 
tBodyGyroX/Y/Z_mean <- tBodyGyroX/Y/Z mean value 
tBodyGyroJerkX/Y/Z_mean <- tBodyGyroJerkX/Y/Z mean value 
tBodyAccMag_mean <- tBodyAccMag mean value 
tGravityAccMag_mean <- tGravityAccMag mean value 
tBodyAccJerkMag_mean <- tBodyAccJerkMag mean value 
tBodyGyroMag_mean <- tBodyGyroMag mean value 
tBodyGyroJerkMag_mean <- tBodyGyroJerkMag mean value 
fBodyAcc-X/Y/Z_mean <- fBodyAcc-X/Y/Z mean value 
fBodyAccJerk-X/Y/Z_mean <- fBodyAccJerk-X/Y/Z mean value 
fBodyGyro-X/Y/Z_mean <- fBodyGyro-X/Y/Z mean value 
fBodyAccMag_mean <- fBodyAccMag mean value 
fBodyAccJerkMag_mean <- fBodyAccJerkMag mean value 
fBodyGyroMag_mean <- fBodyGyroMag mean value 
fBodyGyroJerkMag_mean <- fBodyGyroJerkMag mean value 

tBodyAccX/Y/Z_sum <- tBodyAccX/Y/Z sum value  
tGravityAccX/Y/Z_sum <-  tGravityAccX/Y/Z sum value 
tBodyAccJerkX/Y/Z_sum <- tBodyAccJerkX/Y/Z sum value 
tBodyGyroX/Y/Z_sum <- tBodyGyroX/Y/Z sum value 
tBodyGyroJerkX/Y/Z_sum <- tBodyGyroJerkX/Y/Z sum value 
tBodyAccMag_sum <- tBodyAccMag sum value 
tGravityAccMag_sum <- tGravityAccMag sum value 
tBodyAccJerkMag_sum <- tBodyAccJerkMag sum value 
tBodyGyroMag_sum <- tBodyGyroMag sum value 
tBodyGyroJerkMag_sum <- tBodyGyroJerkMag sum value 
fBodyAcc-X/Y/Z_sum <- fBodyAcc-X/Y/Z sum value 
fBodyAccJerk-X/Y/Z_sum <- fBodyAccJerk-X/Y/Z sum value 
fBodyGyro-X/Y/Z_sum <- fBodyGyro-X/Y/Z sum value 
fBodyAccMag_sum <- fBodyAccMag sum value 
fBodyAccJerkMag_sum <- fBodyAccJerkMag sum value 
fBodyGyroMag_sum <- fBodyGyroMag sum value 
fBodyGyroJerkMag_sum <- fBodyGyroJerkMag sum value 


-XYZ' is used to denote 3-axial signals in the X, Y and Z directions.